README.md, before:

# Projets Hospisoc

This repository hosts the static website available at [projets.hospisoc.be](https://projets.hospisoc.be). The portal aggregates several experimental initiatives developed by Hospisoc.

## Projects

- **FLISP** (`/Flisp2/`): prototype for better social and medical information flow between care professionals.
- **Transports Dialyse** (`/transports-dialyse/`): site exploring transport organisation for dialysis patients.
- **Eladeb**: external psychosocial evaluation tool linked from the main page.
- An "About Hospisoc" section is planned under `/about/`.

## Building and deploying

The site is fully static—no build step is required. Update the HTML files and push the changes to the main branch. GitHub Pages will automatically deploy the latest revision.

To preview locally, open `index.html` in your browser or run a small HTTP server, for example:

```bash
python3 -m http.server
```

## Custom domain

The `CNAME` file configures the custom domain used by GitHub Pages. Currently it contains:

```
projets.hospisoc.be
```

Changing the domain requires updating this file and pointing the corresponding DNS record to GitHub Pages.

Commit message:

Document React build step and clarify static sections

README.md, after:

# Projets Hospisoc

This repository hosts the static website available at [projets.hospisoc.be](https://projets.hospisoc.be). The portal aggregates several experimental initiatives developed by Hospisoc.

## Projects

- **FLISP** (`/Flisp2/`): prototype for better social and medical information flow between care professionals.
- **Transports Dialyse** (`/transports-dialyse/`): site exploring transport organisation for dialysis patients.
- **Eladeb**: external psychosocial evaluation tool linked from the main page.
- An "About Hospisoc" section is planned under `/about/`.

## Building and deploying

Most of the pages in this repository are plain HTML that you can edit directly.
The **FLISP** project is different: it is a small React application built in a
separate repository. You need to compile that React app before copying the
result here.

Steps to build the React app:

1. In the `flisp-app` source folder run `npm install` once to install
   dependencies.
2. Execute `npm run build`. A `build/` directory is created.
3. Copy the contents of this `build/` directory into the `Flisp2/` folder of
   this repository, overwriting the old files.

After copying the compiled output, commit and push the changes to the `main`
branch. GitHub Pages will then publish the new version.

To preview the site locally, open `index.html` or run a minimal HTTP server:

```bash
python3 -m http.server
```

## Static versus generated content

* `index.html`, `eladeb3/` and `transports-dialyse/` are maintained as plain
  static HTML files.
* `Flisp2/` is generated from a separate React project and should contain only
  the compiled build output.

## Custom domain

The `CNAME` file configures the custom domain used by GitHub Pages. Currently it contains:

```
projets.hospisoc.be
```

Changing the domain requires updating this file and pointing the corresponding DNS record to GitHub Pages.
